---
layout: post
title: Second Website Update
date: 2024-08-16 00:00:00
description: an update on the website progress
tags: update
categories: website-update 
featured: true
---

## Website Update
Since my last update, I've made a great deal of progress on the website and GitHub despite it being a hectic period with several assignments due and work projects ramping up. Here's a brief overview of what I've done:

- Added a new page for tutoring services
- Updated my CV
- Added a new post on building a Shiny App for HDI Indicators
- Added a GitHub repository for R resources

I anticipate that I will have more time to work on the website in the coming weeks, so stay tuned for more updates and content.

## R Resources Repository
I have created a [new repository](https://github.com/endaflynn198/r-resources) on GitHub to collect and share resources for R programming.

At present, it consists of four sections:

- Clustering in R
- Sum of Squares in R
- EDA and Simple Linear Regression in R
- Multiple Linear Regression in R

I'm particularly proud of the educational approach I've taken for each of these reports, and I think they will be a useful reference for anyone looking to learn more about these topics.

### Illustration and How to Use the Repository
The root of the repository contains a README file that provides links to the repository housing each of the reports. 
<br>
<br>

<div class="row mt-1">
    <div class="col-sm mt-1 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/r1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<br>

If we click on one of these (the clustering folder, for example), it will bring us to the README file for that folder. This README file contains a brief overview of the topic, a link to the Quarto report, and all of the code and data used to make the report.
<br>
<br>

<div class="row mt-1">
    <div class="col-sm mt-1 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/r2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

The Quarto report itself can be opened directly from the README file by clicking on the link provided. However, GitHub's HTML previewer (which I use to render each HTML file) does not render the Latex equations correctly. To see the equations correctly, you can clone the repository to your computer and then open the HTML file in a browser.

The Quarto reports make use of much of the functionality Quarto provides, including code folding, tabbed panels, floating table of contents, and the ability to view the source code. This makes the `.qmd` files a useful reference for anyone looking to implement similar functionality in their own reports (I will make a blog post on how to use Quarto in the near future).

The below screenshot shows the aesthetics of Quarto reports, which I think are quite visually appealing and easy to navigate. They have proven popular in my work and I hope they will be useful to others too.
<br>
<br>

<div class="row mt-1">
    <div class="col-sm mt-1 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/r3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

As usual, if you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to reach out to me at any of my socials. 
<br>
<br>
